Mini Retro user service agreement
Effective 2021-05-06

before you use Mini Retro, please read this user service agreement (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement") carefully to ensure that you fully understand the terms of this agreement. Please carefully read and choose to accept or not to accept this agreement. For users under 14 years of age, please read this Agreement carefully accompanied by legal guardian and decide whether to accept this agreement or not. If you read and agree to the content of this agreement, you can start using the services of Mini Retro; if you have any questions, please contact us in time.

this agreement stipulates the rights and obligations between the user and the software author regarding the "Mini Retro" service (hereinafter referred to as the "service"). "User" means the individual using the Mini Retro product. This Agreement may be updated at any time as required. Once the updated agreement terms are published, they will replace the original agreement terms. Users can check the latest version of the agreement terms on the official website or this page. If you continue to use this product and related services, you agree to accept the revised agreement contents.

I. personal information protection
Mini Retro will do its best to protect the user's personal information security. We will collect, use, store, manage and protect the user's personal information in strict accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the privacy policy. Please read the content of the privacy policy carefully. If you have any questions or comments on all or part of the terms of the privacy policy, please contact us in time. When Mini Retro uses the third-party statistical tool, you need to agree with the terms of service provided by the third-party service provider;

II. Service content
Mini Retro provides post editing, browsing and saving functions for photos, which does not involve uploading, deleting photos or accessing address book. When you use Mini Retro service, you need to configure the network and telecom value-added services by yourself, and bear the communication fee and consultation fee collected by the Internet or the third party. This software has very clear privacy terms. Please confirm before using the software. This service shall not be used for advertising, sales, commercial display and other commercial purposes, but only for the personal entertainment of users. In case of violation of the service principle, all consequences caused shall be borne by the user.

Ⅲ Change, suspension or termination of services
the ownership, operation and interpretation rights of the service belong to the software author. The services provided will be in strict accordance with the articles of association, terms of service and operating rules issued by it.

the author of this software has the right to modify the terms of service if necessary. Once the terms of service change, the modified terms of service will be published on the relevant page. If you do not agree with the changes, you should cancel the service or contact us. If the user continues to use the service, it shall be deemed to accept the change of service terms.

the software author has the right to modify or change the charging service, charging standard, charging method, service fee and terms of service provided as required. In case of any change in the price of the product, the software author shall try his best to inform the user of the relevant modification or change in an effective way.

IV. liability for breach of contract
if Mini Retro finds or receives reports of any violation of this agreement from others, Mini Retro has the right to take measures against users, including but not limited to suspension or termination of services, and legal liability of users, depending on the nature of the actions. If any damage is caused by the user's breach of this agreement, the user shall bear the responsibility independently and make compensation according to law.

users shall be liable for all consequences arising from violation of national laws and the terms of service

these terms of service constitute the entire agreement between you and them, regulate your use of the service and replace all previous agreements between you and. However, when you use the relevant services or use the content or software provided by a third party, you shall also comply with the applicable additional terms and rights.

v. contact information
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions or complaints about this policy or service content, you can contact us at ja000@foxmail.com.

VI. others
1. The validity, interpretation and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the people's Republic of China. In case of any dispute or controversy between the user and the author of the software, it shall be settled through friendly negotiation first. If the negotiation fails, it shall be under the jurisdiction of the court of the defendant's domicile.
2. Any provision of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable for any reason, and the remaining provisions are still valid and binding on both parties.
