NC PRO user service agreement
Effective 2021-05-06

before you use NC PRO, please read this user service agreement (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement") carefully to ensure that you fully understand the terms of this agreement. Please carefully read and choose to accept or not to accept this agreement. For users under 14 years of age, please read this Agreement carefully accompanied by legal guardian and decide whether to accept this agreement or not. If you read and agree to the content of this agreement, you can start using the services of NC PRO; if you have any questions, please contact us in time.

this agreement stipulates the rights and obligations between the user and the software author regarding the "NC PRO" service (hereinafter referred to as the "service"). "User" means the individual using the NC PRO product. This Agreement may be updated at any time as required. Once the updated agreement terms are published, they will replace the original agreement terms. Users can check the latest version of the agreement terms on the official website or this page. If you continue to use this product and related services, you agree to accept the revised agreement contents.

I. personal information protection
NC PRO will do its best to protect the user's personal information security. We will collect, use, store, manage and protect the user's personal information in strict accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the privacy policy. Please read the content of the privacy policy carefully. If you have any questions or comments on all or part of the terms of the privacy policy, please contact us in time. When NC PRO uses the third-party statistical tool, you need to agree with the terms of service provided by the third-party service provider;

II. Service content
NC PRO provides post editing, browsing and saving functions for photos, which does not involve uploading, deleting photos or accessing address book. When you use NC PRO service, you need to configure the network and telecom value-added services by yourself, and bear the communication fee and consultation fee collected by the Internet or the third party. This software has very clear privacy terms. Please confirm before using the software. This service shall not be used for advertising, sales, commercial display and other commercial purposes, but only for the personal entertainment of users. In case of violation of the service principle, all consequences caused shall be borne by the user.

Ⅲ Change, suspension or termination of services
the ownership, operation and interpretation rights of the service belong to the software author. The services provided will be in strict accordance with the articles of association, terms of service and operating rules issued by it.

the author of this software has the right to modify the terms of service if necessary. Once the terms of service change, the modified terms of service will be published on the relevant page. If you do not agree with the changes, you should cancel the service or contact us. If the user continues to use the service, it shall be deemed to accept the change of service terms.

the software author has the right to modify or change the charging service, charging standard, charging method, service fee and terms of service provided as required. In case of any change in the price of the product, the software author shall try his best to inform the user of the relevant modification or change in an effective way.

IV. liability for breach of contract
if NC PRO finds or receives reports of any violation of this agreement from others, NC PRO has the right to take measures against users, including but not limited to suspension or termination of services, and legal liability of users, depending on the nature of the actions. If any damage is caused by the user's breach of this agreement, the user shall bear the responsibility independently and make compensation according to law.

users shall be liable for all consequences arising from violation of national laws and the terms of service

these terms of service constitute the entire agreement between you and them, regulate your use of the service and replace all previous agreements between you and. However, when you use the relevant services or use the content or software provided by a third party, you shall also comply with the applicable additional terms and rights.

v. contact information
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions or complaints about this policy or service content, you can contact us at ja000@foxmail.com.

VI. others
1. The validity, interpretation and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the people's Republic of China. In case of any dispute or controversy between the user and the author of the software, it shall be settled through friendly negotiation first. If the negotiation fails, it shall be under the jurisdiction of the court of the defendant's domicile.
2. Any provision of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable for any reason, and the remaining provisions are still valid and binding on both parties.
3. The Chinese version of this Agreement shall prevail. English is the translated version.



生图相机（NC PRO）用户服务协议
2021年5月6日生效

在您使用NC PRO之前，请认真阅读本《用户服务协议》（以下简称“本协议”），确保您充分理解本协议中各条款。请您审慎阅读并选择接受或不接受本协议。未满14周岁的未成年人用户请在法定监护人陪同下仔细阅读本协议并决定是否同意接受本协议。若您阅读并同意本协议的内容，您可以开始使用NC PRO的服务；若您有任何疑问，请及时联系我们。

本协议约定用户与本软件作者之间关于“NC PRO”服务（以下简称“服务”）的权利义务。“用户”是指使用NC PRO产品的个人。本协议可能根据需要随时更新，更新后的协议条款一旦公布即代替原来的协议条款，用户可在官网或本页面查阅最新版协议条款；如您继续使用本产品及相关服务，即表示您已同意接受修订后的本协议内容。

一、个人信息保护
NC PRO会尽最大努力保护用户的个人信息安全。我们将严格按照本协议和《隐私政策》的规定收集、使用、存储、管理和保护用户的个人信息，请您仔细阅读《隐私政策》的内容，若您对《隐私政策》的全部或部分条款有疑问或意见，请及时联系我们。 NC PRO使用第三方统计工具 友盟+，您需要一并同意第三方服务商提供的服务条款；

二、服务内容
NC PRO提供照片后期的编辑、浏览、保存功能，本身不涉及照片的上传、删除以及通讯录访问。您使用NC PRO服务，需自行配置网络和电信增值业务，自行负担上网或第三方收取的通信费、咨讯费用等。本软件有非常明确的隐私条款，请您在确认后再进行软件的使用。不得利用本服务进行广告、销售、商业展示等商业用途，仅供用户个人娱乐所用。如违反本服务原则，造成的一切后果由用户自行承担。

三、服务的变更、中止或终止
本服务的所有权和运作权、一切解释权归本软件作者所有。提供的服务将按照其发布的章程、服务条款和操作规则严格执行。

本软件作者有权在必要时修改服务条款，服务条款一旦发生变动，将会在相关页面上公布修改后的服务条款。如果不同意所改动的内容，用户应主动取消此项服务或与我们取得联系。如果用户继续使用服务，则视为接受服务条款的变动。

本软件作者有权按需要修改或变更所提供的收费服务、收费标准、收费方式、服务费、及服务条款。如果出现任何产品价格变动，本软件作者尽最大努力通过有效方式通知用户有关的修改或变更。

四、违约责任
如果NC PRO发现或收到他人举报用户有违反本协议任何行为的， NC PRO有权视其行为性质，对用户采取包括但不限于暂停或终止服务、追究用户的法律责任等措施。若因用户违反本协议导致任何损害的,用户应当独立承担责任并依法进行赔偿。

用户须对违反国家法律规定及本服务条款所产生的一切后果承担法律责任

本服务条款构成您与之全部协议，规范您对本服务之使用，并取代您先前与达成的全部协议。但在您使用相关服务、或使用第三方提供的内容或软件时，亦应遵从所适用之附加条款及权利。　

五、联系方式
如果您对本政策或服务内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件：ja000@foxmail.com。

六、其他
1、本协议的效力、解释及纠纷的解决，适用于中华人民共和国法律。若用户和本软件作者之间发生任何纠纷或争议，先应友好协商解决，协商不成的，由被告住所地法院管辖。
2、本协议的任何条款无论因何种原因无效或不具可执行性，其余条款仍有效，对双方具有约束力。


